[Music]
you know
it's not
[Music]
it's not for me to say
you know
[Music]
it's not for me
so i've not been going out
[Music]
is
okay so i killed them on my phone like
an idiot and lost track of time and it
is now
three and i haven't had lunch yet so
we're gonna do that and we're gonna
watch some nct videos
while we do it so this is my lunch we've
got some soup
big thing of rice like always a little
apple juice
and then they gave me fruit
i'm so excited look how beautiful this
looks it's like a rainbow
also happy pride everyone but yeah oh my
gosh it's literally a rainbow i'm so
excited
this is actually really healthy props to
you korean government
thank you
[Music]
structured
you sound very determined
give me
[Music]
uh
okay this is gonna seem really weird but
this is what i do for cardio
i miss running so put on socks
and i run the stretch of this
room back and forth for several miles
and that's how i get my exercise very
weird my roommate sent me
this video of a guy in france who ran a
marathon
on his balcony in quarantine and i'm
basically doing that except it's a
marathon it's more like a
less than a 5k and that's what i do for
exercise yeah am i
crazy probably did i ever think i would
be a person that missed running
absolutely not is it the highlight of my
day
maybe yes and yeah laugh at me all you
want
this is what i do for exercise all right
let's go
[Music]
there we go three miles
and my whole body hurts now
now time to shower
[Music]
i clearly like taking risks so that is
why we're eating dinner
on the bed while watching something
this is who my calls with her name is
jeanine lobel she's the founder of stila
cosmetics
and she's launching her new company and
she's super badass and i can't wait to
talk to her
she's thinking of starting a youtube
channel we're calling right now so it's
10 pm for me and 9am for her because
she's in new york
so so all of my calls in quarantine have
been
at really random times because of the
time difference but
kind of makes it fun also before i do
any sort of call with someone
um just like kind of like networking you
know like i always research them
you know checking out social media
looking at some videos with her and then
reading an article about her and then
just writing down a few notes about
things that i want to say
and like points i have then any ideas
just to kind of guide the conversation
always really really helps to do your
research and always makes you stand out
when you're talking to someone because
it really shows that you put in that
care
and that you actually care about the
person that you're talking to and you
really find them interesting and you
value their time
you don't really want to waste their
time making them go over their story or
explain
things that you should have already
known through some basic research so
basically that's what i'm doing
you know consumers as the the purchasing
power is kind of going towards you know
millennials and
really gen z now young people more than
ever they're really
demanding so much more from brands now
you know you have to be
diverse you have to be representative
you have to be clean you have to be
invested in
your clean energy you're sustainable you
know it's not okay anymore to just be
using so much single-use plastic oh i'd
love to take a look at it i haven't seen
it you know what i've noticed the most
with youtube
is that people love to watch series
people love to learn about other people
they want to watch their lives like they
want to watch vlogs they want to watch
routines they want to know what's in
their bag they want to know what they do
first thing in the morning
you know it kept you so captivated was
like 45 minutes would go by in the blink
of an eye and
that's how you make really good content
that
keep people coming back so i just got
done with my business call
and i did like an hour of just like
research and
follow-up which is always good like
after you end a call with someone
and you talk about like next steps or
like what you're gonna do to help them
i always try to like say thank you for
the call
and then give them like a little taste
of like the way that i can help them and
compile like some research or just like
you know information that i said i was
gonna get them and just make sure i send
it
pretty much as soon as possible so i
just did that and i just brushed my
teeth
and normally i would like just watch
some videos
or like netflix or something until i
fall asleep but
it's 1am now i'm really tired so i think
i just might go straight to butt
so yeah yeah it is definitely bedtime
i'm exhausted
do you like my little side table that i
made with my suitcase
because there was no other place to put
things really so i wanted a little side
table so
yep i'm gonna set my alarm i'm gonna set
my alarm
for 10 so that i get a decent amount of
sleep
and yeah i always braid my hair
before bed because for some reason with
my curly hair
it always does better when it's braided
nicely
and now i'm just gonna wake up tomorrow
and do it all over again